kv: document the limits and requirements of each kv provider (#209)
spinframework/spin-docs: content/v4/kv-store-api-guide.md

{{ blockEnd }}

## Key Value Store Limits

> The key/value size limits and syntactical requirements of a key value store depends on which [key value store provider](./dynamic-configuration#key-value-store-runtime-configuration) your app leverages. Locally Spin currently supports a [default local SQLite provider]((./dynamic-configuration#file-key-value-store-provider)), a redis KV provider, a Cosmos DB backed provider, and a Dynamo DB provider. See the [key value store runtime configuration](./dynamic-configuration#key-value-store-runtime-configuration) documentation for more information about the limits and requirements of each provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key/value size limits and syntactic requirements of a key value store depends on which [key value store provider](./dynamic-configuration#key-value-store-runtime-configuration) your app uses. The Spin command line currently supports a [default local SQLite provider]((./dynamic-configuration#file-key-value-store-provider)), a Redis KV provider, an Azure Cosmos DB backed provider, and an AWS Dynamo DB provider. See the [key value store runtime configuration](./dynamic-configuration#key-value-store-runtime-configuration) documentation for more information about the limits and requirements of each provider.
```

> Note, when you deploy your application to a platform that supports Spin applications, it may have a KV provider with different characteristics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you deploy your application, bear in mind that your deployment platform may have a KV provider with different characteristics from your local one!
```

(wasn't quite sure how to word this - if you prefer the "Note" format then I'd suggest indent for note and colon instead of comma a la `> Note:`)

Author: I like this reword
